Support endpoint data volume reporting in 9/ELCE (#129)
kaaproject/kaa-rfcs: 0009/README.md

    ]
}
```

> 

Reviewer: Traffic volume reporting is not a part of lifecycle events. Create a separate section, e.g. "Traffic reporting".

## Endpoint payload size

> The `{event-type}` is `sended payload size`.

Reviewer: Event type [can't have spaces](https://docs.nats.io/nats-protocol/nats-protocol).
```suggestion
The `{event-type}` is `rcv-payload-size`.
```

> It is published with a certain periodicity, in the intervals between ticks the size of the payload received from the device is measured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Originator publishes these events periodically to report the cumulative volume of payloads received from endpoint in the reporting period.
```

Originators MUST use the following NATS subject format for endpoint registered events:
```

> kaa.v1.events.{originator-service-instance-name}.endpoint.lifecycle.payload-size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kaa.v1.events.{originator-service-instance-name}.endpoint.lifecycle.rcv-payload-size
```

    ]
}
```

# Traffic reporting

Traffic reporting events are for notifying listeners about endpoint events, such as the amount of payload received.
The `{event-group}` is `traffic-reporting`.

## Endpoint payload size

The `{event-type}` is `rcv-payload-size`.

> Originator publishes these events periodically to report the cumulative volume of payloads received from endpoint in the reporting period.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Originator periodically publishes these events to report the cumulative volume of payloads received from an endpoint for a predefined time frame.
```

> Originators MUST use the following NATS subject format for endpoint registered events:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Originator MUST use the following NATS subject format for the endpoint registered events:
```

> Originator MUST use the following NATS subject format for the endpoint registered events:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Originator MUST use the following NATS subject format for the endpoint payload size events:
```
